golden hand-cut fries with over a dozen
kinds of dipping sauce sweet dessert
waffles drizzled with caramel sauce if
this looks good to you then you need to
get to a place called sauce the fries
and waffle shop it's a snack food shop
brand new dat downtown Boston just steps
from Fanueil Hall sauce is the delicious
creation of three food lovers named
Tanya Renae and chin-hua work together
at a software company got laid off and
decided to open this homage to Belgian
Street food it's awesome french fries
and really great waffles technically the
name is pronounced south but just about
everyone calls it sauce whatever you
want and just about everyone agrees that
when it comes to insanely delicious
fries this is the place to go first time
you say our fries are amazing I think
these are the best fries in this that
ain't so since the spot
Bostonians go to when they want good
fries but don't just take their word for
it customers definitely agree
spectacular
heavenly perfection I'm running out of
superlatives here so what makes these
fries so good let's break it down it all
starts with Idaho potatoes that are
peeled and hand-cut all day long then
each badge is fried up to order tossed
with plenty of salt and served up in a
paper cone resulting in what just might
be the perfect fry crispy on the outside
and soft on the inside and it's served
to you piping hot but what's a good fry
without something delicious to dip it in
so it's sauce there are over a dozen
homemade choices different sauces adds
the experience it adds flavor
it adds fun it's delicious stand out
sauces include the spicy samurai made
with Thai chili paste the ultra garlicky
Vampire Slayer decadent truffle ketchup
and the warm and cheesy bacon parmesan
so the bacon parm is warm parmesan bacon
and you put your french fry in it it
just tastes like a baked potato
if you want the full sauce experience
your visit must include one of their
life-changing ly delicious waffles some
people have said it's the best waffle
they're very eaten and they're probably
not lying about that forget everything
you think you know about waffles because
sauces version is like nothing you've
ever tasted before this is not a
breakfast waffle it's kind of in a
league of its own the sweet dessert
waffle is actually made with a brioche
dough that's mixed with pearls of sugar
and once it hits the waffle iron the
sugar begins to caramelize making the
outside slightly crispy while leaving
the inside light and airy like
fresh-baked bread best of all that comes
topped with lemon cream homemade Nutella
mixed berry or salted caramel the salted
caramel is borderline addicting it's
perfectly sweet without being too sweet
and has just the right amount of salt
one of a kind waffles and fries that are
out of this world
you're gonna love sauce delicious
fantastic thank you thought thank you